Resolve comments mike-ivs July part I (#492)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: episodes/1-introduction.Rmd

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: questions

- What is deep learning?
- What is a neural network?
- Which operations are performed by a single neuron?
- How do neural networks learn?
- When does it make sense to use and not use deep learning?
- What are tools involved in deep learning?
- What is the workflow for deep learning?
- Why did we choose to use Keras in this lesson?

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: objectives

> - Define deep learning
> - Describe how a neural network is build up
> - Explain the operations performed by a single neuron
> - Describe what a loss function is

Reviewer: Minor remark, as we are re-thinking objectives: are these really objectives? I would see it rather along these lines:
```suggestion
- Lear the definition of deep learning
- Understand how a neural network is build up
- Learn about the operations performed by a single neuron
- Understand what a loss function is
```
Anyway, I think it is fine as it is. I just wanted to share my thoughts on the question of what an objective really is.

Author: This is on purpose 😂 Carpentries-style. Starts with verbs from the Bloom taxonomy. But I agree it seems weird if you don't know about it.
